# January 11, 2024 | IPFS Comms Working Group
Attendees: Dame, Mosh, Robin

Does anyone have anything they wanted added to the agenda today?

## Agenda

- Metrics
  - Website (Unique Visitors, Last 30 Days)
    - Main Site - 36.5K (-31%)
    - Blog - 3.4K (-24%)
    - Docs - 39.1K (-23%)
    - Social Media (Last 7 Days)
  - X (Twitter)
    - New Followers: 81 (-4%)
    - Link Clicks: 17 (-74%)
  - Bluesky – Followers: 825
  - LinkedIn – Followers: 160
  - Warpcast – Followers: 49
- What communication needs are there in the next 1-4 weeks?
  - New working groups to be announced, some Foundation stuff
  - Stewards group, decentralized data compliance reboot, WGWG
- Comms WG meeting schedule – weekly or biweekly?
  - If biweekly doesn’t work, we can always change
- IPFS Newsletter HubSpot Account Transition
  - Ideally keep Hubspot, if not we need a budget to search for a new tool
  - Potentially contracting out to Wayne + Chase
- Luma Calendar Discussion
  - We can extend and think about this again in June
- Possible Q1, Q2 2024 Goals
  - What does success look like? Are the above metrics really helpful?
  - Robin: metrics as a measure of general health
  - Spending more time on earned media than on owned media
  - Fully transition email marketing to new tool or existing tool
  - Audit of communication channels/efforts
  - Develop key messaging doc
  - Anastasia had a relationship with a PR firm that helped IPFS. Talking to Anastasia about this.
  - Two new blog posts per month?
  - Newsletter tests to improve open/click rates
  - New social media cadence
  - Campaign to shift people away from Filecoin slack to the Discourse forums
  - Get working groups to work on their own charters, documentation, etc and add it to the new Working Groups Github repo
  - Story highlights for the quarter, getting external distribution
  - Docs needs to be revamped and reorganized – 7 different explainers for IPFS
  - Case studies around problems rather than brand names
  - Getting a sense of comms needs from other working groups, sitting in on those meetings
- Discuss Charter

## Misc Notes
- Guide to production usage
- Case studies around dapps usage
- A variety of other technical guides 

## Action items
- [] Add missing working groups (Helia) to WG list
- [] Announce Comms WG more publicly
- [] Make a list of transition items around tech
- [] Does Daniel have a transition list of items already? 
- [] Reach out to Anastasia about IPFS x PR firm situation
- [] Begin work on key message doc
