# January 31, 2024 | IPFS Comms Working Group
Chair: Dame

Attendees: Dame, Robin, Mosh

Does anyone have anything they wanted added to the agenda today?

## Agenda

- Metrics
  - Website (Unique Visitors, Last 30 Days)
    - [Main Site](https://plausible.io/ipfs.tech) - 31.3K (-29%)
    - [Blog](https://plausible.io/blog.ipfs.tech) - 3.1K (-17%)
    - [Docs](https://plausible.io/docs.ipfs.tech) - 40K (-8%)
  - Social Media
    - X (Last 7 Days)
      - New Followers: 97 (-1%)
      - Link Clicks: 187 (+0.5%)
    - Bluesky – Followers: 828 (+3 since last time)
    - LinkedIn – Followers: 198 (+38 since last time)
    - Warpcast – Followers: 55 (+6 since last time) 
- What communication needs are there in the next 1-4 weeks?
  - IPFS Camp (preregistration for this)
    - Standalone + tie in talk submissions to preregistration
  - Possible: Congratulating Gameforest, finalist for XPRIZE
    - https://www.xprize.org/prizes/rainforest
    - Talk to Alan Ransil about social media handles
  - Workshop on Growing Pains in Open Source projects, we'll be there, do you have growing pains and IPFS? Mosh & Robin to tweet, we'll retweet
- Q1 Goals
  - Have semi-regular public comms working group meetings with a dedicated home for the WG on Github.
  - Continue publishing the monthly IPFS newsletter while trying to increase open and click through rates.
  - Develop and execute on a plan to encourage people to move away from Filecoin Slack and to the community forums on discourse OR to the Discord.
  - Publish one new story article or guide each month that is based around the narratives from IPFS Steering WG - Post Its (Jan 5, 2024)
    - Rolling Stone Report: https://investigation.rollingstone.com/dj-photo-war-crimes-bosnia/
    - Reinforcing IPFS position in these kinds of use cases
    - “How Rolling Stone Used IPFS in Investigative Journalism”
    - Story article + Guide on how to do that, 2 separate pieces
    - February + March to finish both
      - A year later, where are we now?
      - Ask Starling Labs, Mosh has a contact, if I put together an ask, she can contact
  - Maintain a regular cadence of new social media posts to keep our public presences active and up to date.
  - Work with Daniel, Mosh, Robin, and others to create regular blog posts written by them on a variety of relevant topics.
    - Possibility: flip this to be an interview style thing where I talk to someone for an hour. Maybe gameforest.
  - Clean up forums, especially the Working Groups section.
  - Identify and pursue 3 earned media opportunities to bring IPFS to new audiences.
    - Spending much more time on this than our owned media
- Newsletter 201 A/B Test Results
  - Goal was to improve Open Rate via different subject line
  - Subject Line A (New): "Issue 201: IPFS in Space!"
  - Subject Line B (Old): "Welcome to IPFS News 201! Featuring IPFS in Space!"
  - Results
    - A = 17.95% Open Rate, 2.4% Click Rate, 13.39% Clickthrough
    - B = 21.7% Open Rate, 1.84% Click Rate, 8.49% Clickthrough
    - Better open rate for B, but overall A delivered more clicks
- Transition Plan for Filecoin Slack "deprecation"
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/10WHLJXLf81Mj6JiFiFExksNcC0cYpd9dlRKmFeN7-Hw/edit 

## Misc Notes
- 

## Action items
- [ ] Dig into metrics further to see why web traffic is down, is it because of SEO, redesign, social media? Start a thread in the Comms working group
- [ ] Look into TweetDeck Bluesky (deck.blue)
- [ ] Put together an ask for Starling Lab "has anything changed since this was published?"
